Update README and add python requirements (#4)
patbro/AutoTenez: README.md

# AutoTenez
Automates the process of making tennis court reservations for you.

## Setup
1. Install all necessary pip dependencies using `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.
2. Open `AutoTenez.py`. Enter your email address, password, and set `only_retrieve_your_external_reference` to `True`.
3. Run `python AutoTenez.py -t 00:00 -f 0` to retrieve your own external reference.

> 4. Share your external reference with a friend, and set `only_retrieve_your_external_reference` to `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install all necessary pip dependencies using `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.
1. Open `AutoTenez.py`. Enter your email address, password, and set `only_retrieve_your_external_reference` to `True`.
1. Run `python AutoTenez.py -t 00:00 -f 0` to retrieve your own external reference.
1. Share your external reference with a friend, and set `only_retrieve_your_external_reference` to `False`.
```

Reviewer: - Markdown will fix the enumeration.
